README.md, before:

## Singularity on Expanse training

Work by @zonca with important feedback from @mkandes

Current version <https://cvw.cac.cornell.edu/ExpanseSing/default>

* the `main` branch contains the Markdown version of the material
* the `original_html` contains the initial version of the material. It was converted to Markdown with `pandoc` and became the initial version of `main`
* the `html` branch contains the last HTML version of the material built via Github Actions with Pandoc automatically at every commit on `main`

### Content

#### Introduction

* [Default](Default.md)
* [prerequisites](prerequisites.md)
* [commonusecases](commonusecases.md)
* [goals](goals.md)

### Prebuilt images

* [prebuiltimage](prebuiltimage.md)
* [sdscimages](sdscimages.md)
* [runcontainer](runcontainer.md)
* [rungpucontainer](rungpucontainer.md)

### Build custom images

* [building](building.md)
* [buildingsylabs](buildingsylabs.md)
* [buildingjetstream](buildingjetstream.md)
* [install](install.md)
* [scratchimage](scratchimage.md)
* [definitionsfile](definitionsfile.md)
* [write](write.md)
* [transfer](transfer.md)

Commit message:

Mention authors of previous version

README.md, after:

## Singularity on Expanse training

Work by Andrea Zonca with important feedback from Marty Kandes on a previous version developed by Jeff Sale, Trevor Cooper and Manu Shantharam

Current version <https://cvw.cac.cornell.edu/ExpanseSing/default>

* the `main` branch contains the Markdown version of the material
* the `original_html` contains the initial version of the material. It was converted to Markdown with `pandoc` and became the initial version of `main`
* the `html` branch contains the last HTML version of the material built via Github Actions with Pandoc automatically at every commit on `main`

### Content

#### Introduction

* [Default](Default.md)
* [prerequisites](prerequisites.md)
* [commonusecases](commonusecases.md)
* [goals](goals.md)

### Prebuilt images

* [prebuiltimage](prebuiltimage.md)
* [sdscimages](sdscimages.md)
* [runcontainer](runcontainer.md)
* [rungpucontainer](rungpucontainer.md)

### Build custom images

* [building](building.md)
* [buildingsylabs](buildingsylabs.md)
* [buildingjetstream](buildingjetstream.md)
* [install](install.md)
* [scratchimage](scratchimage.md)
* [definitionsfile](definitionsfile.md)
* [write](write.md)
* [transfer](transfer.md)
